Homework

    Exercises are done in groups of 5 to 6 people. Use the discussion forum to form groups.
    Exercises are graded starting from exercise sheet 3.
    Exercises are typically composed of a theoretical part and programming part.

Group Registration

    Send a message to Julio Uriostegui with the name/surname of the members of the group (cc'ed to other group members) until October 27 at 4pm.
    No need to propose a group name. It will be generated automatically from your initials.
    It might take up to 2 working days before your group is registered.
    A group will be created only if it is composed of at least 5 participants.
    At least three group members must have current ISIS access at registration time.

Homework Submission Procedure

    Submission deadline: Monday, 2pm Berlin time.
    Uploading via ISIS.
    Submission format: For the theory part, scans or typewritten solutions are accepted (in PDF format). For the programming part, the IPython notebooks should be exported to PDF.
    Submissions are only possible if you have registered your group.
    No late submissions, and no email submission (they won't be graded)
    Hint: To avoid missing the deadline, you can upload an early solution on ISIS and regularly update it as the deadline approaches.

Getting started with the Programming Homeworks

The course assumes that you use a recent linux distribution with Python 3.0 installed, or other operating system supporting Python. (Windows users could install setuptools as an alternative.)

Installing required Python tools libraries

If not installed, run

sudo apt-get install jupyter-notebook
sudo apt-get install python3-numpy
sudo apt-get install python3-scipy
sudo apt-get install python3-matplotlib
sudo apt-get install python3-cvxopt

or equivalent command depending on your distribution.

Installing GPG

As an extra security layer, the distributed code is signed with GPG. If not installed, run

sudo apt-get install gnupg

or equivalent command depending on your distribution.

Using our public GPG key

    Download our GPG public key from ISIS.
    Import it and verify that the fingerprint is:  9AA7 2C0B A06F 34D5 803C 68D1 AA15 341D 98C7 12B6

gpg --import public.key
gpg --fingerprint

Opening a homework

    Download the programming assignment from ISIS
    Run the following commands:

gpg --output sheet1.zip --decrypt sheet1.zip.gpg
unzip sheet1.zip

    Start the notebook

jupyter notebook






